<h1>Coupon Dog E-mail Service</h1>

I started reading through the book <i>Grokking Simplicity: Taming Complex Software with Functional Thinking</i> the other day and, on page 39, it describes a program that sends out coupons to subcribers. While this is only meant as an example to point out actions vs calculations vs data in functional programming, I felt it would be good practice to implement it myself. 

So what does it do exactly? There are two databases that we utilize. The email database consists of two columns: email and rec_count. Email is the email address of the subscriber, and rec_count is the amount of other people who they've recommended to use Coupon Dog. If you have rec_count >= 10, then you get access to the best coupons. The best coupons referred to by this statement are in the coupon table. The coupon table has the coupon code, and the rank of the coupon (though in my implementation I referred to it as "quality"). There are three ranks of coupons: good, bad, and best. All users get good coupons, those with rec_count>=10 get the best coupons, and bad coupons are <i>never</i> sent out. 

It's a pretty basic premise, but I ran into much difficulty figuring out how to send e-mail using Java and or Scala libraries. It sounded so simple when I heard it, but it was a pain to set up. I think I was just in the wrong headspace though, I followed a guide by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XohdiigLMik">this channel</a> and got it set up no problem. 

This project also showed the significance of using a build tool for projects. I had already downloaded the Oracle database driver jar file for a previous project, but this time I also needed to find and download the javax.mail.jar file and the activation.jar file for the mail functionality. On a small scale, using just 1 jar file felt fine, but I'm starting to see the importance of a build tools dependency management feature. Something like that would have let me avoid tracking down each of the jar files.
